# Hack the Bean

# Bean Bean Bean

# Upscaling:
# The first step in this process was deciding which model to use to upscale. We knew that we wanted to use OpenCV, however we had multiple models to choose from. After doing some research, the choices were between LapSRN and EDSR. These are relatively small and simple models, which can be somewhat easily implemented and can be used with both .tif and .jpg files. We initially thought that LapSRN would be the best, as it had the highest level of upscaling, x8, while the other had x4, however it turned out that EDSR was better in dealing with satellite data. After selecting our model, we had to design methods to upscale the jpg. The first method was to simply upscale the jpg. This involved reading the jpg converting it to RGB, and using OpenCVs dnn feature to upscale the image. The result ws noticable, but not as good as we would have hoped for. The next plan was to incorporate the lidar data to assist the upscaling. We used rasterio to read the lidar.tif, resizing it to match the image, and converting to floats to do element wise multiplication to fuse iot with the satellite data. The result from this was a large jump in quality, however it had some issues. There were some artifacting, and the brightness wa much too high. To deal with this, we decided to transform the lidar data into the log scale before resising, and additionally doing some processing to remove 0 values and the artifacting. This ended up much better. With no artifacting, and a more reasonable colouring. The next step was to experiment with a second layer of upscaling. For this, the original satellite image was upscaled by 4x, and then the lidar data was logged, and resized to match the upscaled satellite data. after they were fused, it was upscaled another 4x. This in total took over 20 minutes, and gained results that were not noticably better than the 4x upscaling with logged lidar data. 